# 20220608

## Code Quality

* Coding Standard
* Coding Review
* Pilot with Selected Project
* Initiate Team or Individual Monthly Review Meeting

## Team Culture

* Poor Communication
* YouTube
* Team Building

## Letter

Hi Jeff,

You and I barely talk at all since I joined at the end of April. I need to tell you that I'm getting more and more depressed working here. It has been impacting my well-being and work performance.

You promised during the interview that I can reach out for support, so I want to schedule a meeting with you and Fung. I don't feel comfortable doing this alone. That's why I want Fung's presence, which he agreed.

It takes a lot of courage to be honest and vulnerable. I hope you can be attentive and I’m sure other co-workers share some of my feelings and thoughts.

1. I had a bad impression first joining the team. The major causes are poor communication and some of your actions. I'll illustrate with examples.
<!--  -->
2. It's very common among co-workers to watch YouTube at work. Is it forbidded or what? How do we balance work and break times? I wasn't assigned works during the first 2 weeks and I've to ask for it eventually, while project managers and designers were busy. I'm confused and under the impression that I don't have to work hard, even though I do work hard.
<!--  -->
3. Will there be any team building? Little to no effort has been put into building good rapports among teammates, particularly newcomers. The working environment dosen't look supportive and co-workers are not motivated.
