# 20220608 Jeff

## Letter

Hi Jeff,

You and I barely talk at all since I joined at the end of April. I need to tell you that I'm getting more and more depressed working here. It has been impacting my well-being and work performance.

You promised during the interview that I can reach out for support, so I want to schedule a meeting with you and Fung. I don't feel comfortable doing this alone. That's why I want Fung's presence, which he agreed.

It takes a lot of courage to be honest and vulnerable. I hope you can be attentive and I’m sure other co-workers share some of my feelings and thoughts.

1. I had a bad impression first joining the team. The major causes are poor communication and some of your actions. I'll illustrate with examples.
<!--  -->
2. It's very common among co-workers to watch YouTube at work. Is it forbidded or what? How do we balance work and break times? I wasn't assigned works during the first 2 weeks and I've to ask for it eventually, while project managers and designers were busy. I'm confused and under the impression that I don't have to work hard, even though I do work hard.
<!--  -->
3. Will there be any team building? Little to no effort has been put into building good rapports among teammates, particularly newcomers. The working environment dosen't look supportive and co-workers are not motivated.

## Jeff's Advices for Oscar

1. Too sensitive
2. Wear long pants
3. Stay on sofa area for too long

## Jeff's Defense

* Too busy with routine
* High pressure from client
* Manage 30 persons' team
* Fung's inability
* Not related to you
* Not caused by you
* Proud to be passionate
<!--  -->
* Other people talks
* Big company must have dress code

## Oscar's Feedback for Jeff

* Care too much about what others think
* Nothing wrong to be emotional and sensitive

## Summary

Fung: direct supervisor
Jeff: team lead and interviewer

After several discussions with Fung, Jeff approached me today. The conversation was good, we established that both have good intentions. He's proud of his "firey" approach and points out that I'm too sensitive, which is true. I don't agree with a lot of things he said, but it's good enough for now.
